Are you mistaken?
We will never sign
No sign no sign
If you don't sign, I will acquire Hengyuan Group according to law
I advise you to get out of here today
How is this happening?
Isn't he a fraudster?
Go hurry up
Mr. Zhao will deal with it soon.
Lin Zhong went to buy vegetables first
It has been purchased and placed in the name of the chairperson.
Let's drive and meet the master
Such an upscale place!
This place is not raised in the countryside, you hurry up and go
Mom, don't worry.
We will live here from now on
You are not allowed to pick up bottles here
Get out now
How do you say it?
We're the owners.
The owner who came here to check in
Which building did you buy?
Cloud fairy coupons?
Just a few of you poor and sour samples are still Yunzhongxian coupons?
If it's unstable, I'll kick you out
Sorry, sorry.
I'll go right now
There is no one left, and you are still lying to our family. There is no power or power
Then you can still afford a real house
Mom, please
You just get down to looking for a job
I can still do it with your dad
Yeah. I'll save you some money for a down payment.
Get out
Don't stain our floor
If you don't fit, you're sure we can't afford it.
Just your ragged clothes
When else do I need?
Owner information is on your desk
I suggest you take a look
In case it's because of this pig's work
Where did it come from?
Mao dog
It also matches the owner information of my Huating company.